I tested as Anne Hathaway the Actress DNA match in 2018 from National Genographic 2.0. Me and the actress both have asian haplogroups according to Family Tree DNA. My mother was on the board of the YWCA who named my blanket gigi after a Audrey Hepburn film in 1983. I worked for Macromedia and my first investment was at Moors and Cabot in 1999 for Disney and Macromedia, I was valedictorian of my preparatory college class in 2000 as she played a valedictorian in the TV Series 'Get Real' and as a INTJ-T in 2006 after finding out I was related to Jane Austin the author and the movie 'Becoming Jane' there are two references to me in the movie the retarded scene after I made fun of a retard man at VHCC in 2006 in bowling class and the boxing cousin scene. Another one was in Bride Wars were my roommates were getting married and and the uncanny likeliness to them in the movie I grew up on Murphy Brown. Another one was Brokeback Mountain were in 2005 where I told my father about my homosexual experience in elementary school with Scott Shepard. Shepard in the brokeback credits Another one was Sex and Other Drugs were I won a Microsoft SQL Server Sales Award in 2007.

Another one was the movie 'Havoc' was her handicam as I sold a Sony handicam to a friend in 1996. Another one was my Uncles Glenn's Flower Shop when I was my car to get fixed with Kara Kiser and her Valentines Day movie I stutter or used to and the Pete Townshend GS Scooter reference. She is very good at method acting with family. Another one was in Passengers the Movie with me always flirting with hospital staff. In the TV Series Modern Love Season 1 Episode 3 she mocked me always going to the grocery store and a letter from Brack Obama. Another one was in the movie the Idea of You. Where I chaperoned Tasha Sokolow and Frances Masterson at Lollapalooza 1996 and met the band Soundgarden

Another one was the iguana scene and the mental ward scenes in the movie the Hustle my ex girlfriend had a iguana in college in 2000 and I went to SWVAMHI for rehab for Sony ESP, COCOMO II, 2006 Microsoft Tender Offer which was extended for 75 years, and a million dollar IRS return of intangibles. Another one is in the Movie Armagedon Time Uncle Ray and Aunt Ruthie McCulley for which that don't have a marker on there grave in Glennwood Cemetery.

I recently watched Mother Mary and I'm tired of the British monarchy calling Moore's black the women poping pills and rolling over in her bed all I needed to see for now. I still can't find a baby ruth candy bar in town since 2012 annie in Mothers Mary she's trying to make amends for her high up time against a straight A student And Annie I'm hiring the art depot to put t ogether my terminator arm Linda Hamilton and Anne Hathaway you 2027 Bionic Women I watched the End of Oak St. which reminded me on me acting like a T-Rex in Kindergarten At Sullins Academy and bulling Paul Ojasan and being very dominant in my Redstone Neighborhood as a child. 